1.23 CLI Release Docs (#3388)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-logs.md

| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<deployment-id>`   | The ID of the Deployment to show logs for                                                | Any valid Deployment ID                                                                     |
| `--deployment-name` | The name of the Deployment to show logs for. Use as an alternative to `<deployment-id>`. | Any valid Deployment name                                                                   |
| `-e`,`--error`      | Show only logs with a log level of `ERROR`                                               | None |
| `-w`,`--warn`       | Show only logs with a log level of `WARNING`                                             | None |
| `-i`,`--info`       | Show only logs with a log level of `INFO`                                                | None |
| `--key-word`        | Search the Deployment logs for a specific keyword.                                       | None |

> | `-c`,`--log-count`  | The number of log lines to show. The default is `500`                                    | Any integer less than or equal to 500                                                     |

Reviewer: I am not sure what the max number of logs are that you can search for but I believe it is higher than 500. 500 is just the default. As far as I know the max would be total number of logs accumulated so far. If you asked for more logs than existed than just the ones that existed would be returned

> | `-c`,`--log-count`  | The number of log lines to show. The default is `500`                                    | Any integer less than or equal to 500                                                     |

Author: ```suggestion
| `-c`,`--log-count`  | The number of log lines to show. The default is `500`                                    | Any integer. If you request a number of log lines to show that exceeds the total number of logs, then it shows all existing logs.                                                     |
```
